deprecate `with_content_areas` (#763)
github/view_component: docs/content_areas.md

# Content areas

> _Note: The content_areas APIs soft-deprecated, and will soon be deprecated in favor of [Slots](/slots)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: The content_areas API is soft-deprecated, and will soon be deprecated in favor of [Slots](/slots)._
```

Thoughts on splitting up the contraction?
